Create ui-c8y-1023-31-0-codex-correct-action-bar-button-labels-and-description-in-design-system.md (#4219)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-31-0-codex-correct-action-bar-button-labels-and-description-in-design-system.md

---
date: ""

> title: Correct action bar button labels and descriptions in design system writing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Correct action bar button labels and descriptions in Codex design system
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65915
version: 1023.31.0
---

> The action bar button labels and descriptions in the design system writing section were unclear and inconsistent, making it difficult for users to understand the purpose of each button. The labels and descriptions have been corrected to be more accurate and descriptive, providing clearer guidance on what each action bar button does. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Cumulocity Codex design system documentation, several action bar button labels and descriptions were unclear or inconsistent, which impacted readability and usability of the UI guidelines. This release updates those labels and descriptions to be more accurate, consistent, and aligned with how the actions behave in the Web SDK, improving clarity for developers referencing the design system.
```
